README.md, before:

# v1

# V1 Portfolio Website

V1 is a dynamic personal portfolio website to showcase my professional journey, project portfolio, skill set, and educational background. Powered by TypeScript, React.js, Vite, React Router, ES6 and backend calls using axios. 


## Features

- **Home Page**: Features sections on work history, educational history, skills, projects, published work, and contact information, providing visitors with comprehensive insights into my professional journey and accomplishments.

- **Grades Page**: Hosts an interactive grid showcasing my academic background throughout my graduate and undergraduate career, offering a glimpse into my academic achievements and accomplishments.
  
- **Projects Page**: Serves as a page for all projects I have worked on throughout the last couple of years, highlighting my contributions and expertise in various domains and technologies.
  
Additionaly users have the ability to change the theme by clicking on the avatar icon to open settings.

## Deployment

The website is deployed and accessible online at https://jken0.github.io/v1/ . It is built using TypeScript, React.js, Vite, React Router, ES6, Tailwind CSS, Material UI, and backend calls using axios and hosted on Github Pages.


## Usage

To run the website locally for development or testing purposes, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine.

2. Navigate to the cloned repo, run in the terminal `npm install`

3. Once completed, run in the terminal: `npm run dev`

4. Local website should be running and terminal shoud assist with which port the site is running on.

Commit message:

added dynamic data to projects page

README.md, after:

# v1

# V1 Portfolio Website

V1 is a dynamic personal portfolio website to showcase my professional journey, project portfolio, skill set, and educational background. Powered by TypeScript, React.js, Vite, React Router, ES6 and backend calls using axios. 

Its Node.js backend seamlessly interacts with MongoDB for data storage and fetches music-related information from the Spotify API. This setup efficiently manages professional journey details, project portfolio, skill sets, and educational background, delivering a captivating user experience.


## Features

- **Home Page**: Features sections on work history, educational history, skills, projects, published work, and contact information, providing visitors with comprehensive insights into my professional journey and accomplishments.

- **Grades Page**: Hosts an interactive grid showcasing my academic background throughout my graduate and undergraduate career, offering a glimpse into my academic achievements and accomplishments.
  
- **Projects Page**: Serves as a page for all projects I have worked on throughout the last couple of years, highlighting my contributions and expertise in various domains and technologies.
  
Additionaly users have the ability to change the theme by clicking on the avatar icon to open settings.

## Deployment

The website is deployed and accessible online at https://jken0.github.io/v1/ . It is built using TypeScript, React.js, Vite, React Router, ES6, Tailwind CSS, Material UI, and backend calls using axios and hosted on Github Pages.


## Usage

To run the website locally for development or testing purposes, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine.

2. Navigate to the cloned repo, run in the terminal `npm install`

3. Once completed, run in the terminal: `npm run dev`

4. Local website should be running and terminal shoud assist with which port the site is running on.
